Add org page with reuses and informations (#307)
datagouv/front-end: README.md

You can work on `front-end` without a local `udata` backend by pointing to https://demo.data.gouv.fr directly. To do this, create a `.env` file at the root of the project:

```

> NUXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE=https://dev.data.gouv.fr

Author: I changed it after our discussion with @jordanguedj about this new feature and the fact that we should use dev.data.gouv.fr for development purpose and not demo.

But I think it depends of who are our targets for this README. Is it us ? Or reusers ?

> NUXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE=https://dev.data.gouv.fr

Reviewer: Agreed about targeting dev.data.gouv.fr in our case.
I'm unsure about adding mention of it here though. How about adding a comment like so?
```suggestion
NUXT_PUBLIC_API_BASE=https://demo.data.gouv.fr  # Or your dedicated development platform
```
